gh-143667: Specialize FOR_ITER for dict.items(), and scalar replace the pair in the JIT (#143666)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2026-01-10-21-04-47.gh-issue-143667.MGlHeh.rst

> Specialize :opcode:`!FOR_ITER` for dictionary item iteration. In the JIT, this is optimized even further when code is unpacking the result to a pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specialize :opcode:`!FOR_ITER` for iteration over dictionary items. In the JIT, this is optimized even further when code is unpacking the result to a pair.
```
